The Bleeding Path is a path through the jungle of [[Akh-Telkar]] marked by bloodied leaves, trees, ground, etc.

The jungle beyond the trail is a tangle of bone-thick vines, claw shaped leaves, and thick roots. It is draped in thorned growth and biting insects.
There are half decomposed carcasses of various jungle creatures hanging from wire nooses and crude almost invisible snare traps hidden amongst the undergrowth.
#### Encounters
3x Shamblers: https://2e.aonprd.com/Monsters.aspx?ID=364
- Off the trail

[[Crimson Scorpions]] patrol - random chance when on path
- 1 Assassin: https://2e.aonprd.com/NPCs.aspx?ID=3434
- 2 Legbreakers: https://2e.aonprd.com/NPCs.aspx?ID=3431


#### Red Gate
A stone archway tall monolithic and smeared with fading traces of crimson. The arch is carved from volcanic basalt, with a pitted and worn surface. It is of fine craftsmanship: sharp angles, serrated patterns, and countless tiny grooves that catch the light like ridges of a saw blade. 
There is no door, no portcullis, only an open space framed by an arch. Four worn stone plinths stand before the arch each carved with a phrase and four different words.

A steep incline of slick stone coated in moss and fungus on either side.

- Phrases in Old Kardathian and various [[Zelvahar|Zelvaharan]] tribal languages
	- Society check determines that they're part of a substitution cipher revealing a pass phrase
	- Stone tiles ring the gate
		- Opens if correct phrase is entered
		- Dart Gallery if incorrect
		- Society for historical context
		- Thievery to identify used stones

Riddle on the Plinths
- "I cannot be seen, nor touched, nor heard - Yet I consume words without a word. I am the room no voice can fill, and when I reign, the world grows still"
	- Silence 
	- Echo (Doesn't devour sound)
	- Death (state not a presence)
	- Shadow (visual, not auditory)
- "I stand before you but have no soul, No voice, no thoughts, no self, no goal. I copy all but never start."
	- Reflection
	- Ghost (has will/personality)
	- Painting (not responsive)
- "Mouth agape and never full, It swallows kin and crumbles stone. It's breath is damp, its touch is cold -it waits for you and you alone."
	- Grave
	- Pit (lacks ritual/inevitability/symbolism)
	- Tomb (encloses, doesn't consume)
	- Earthquake (not personal)
- "No doors, no locks, no walls of stone- Yet you were born and made its ow. It holds your thoughts, it shapes your breath, and one day folds you into death."
	- Body
	- Soul (doesn't do the things)
	- Heart (not the whole)
	- Mind (not physical)