The Jibblets brought the guard who had surrendered to the brig and interrogated him. He didn't know much, though he shared that he and his colleagues were hired guards, that the shop was mostly closed, though they did let in wealthy customers and people with select passphrases, that Venia rarely left the shop, and that he was pretty sure that she sold drugs or something in addition to the more legitimate business. He did not know who Ilinda was but had encountered Huus a few times. The Jibblets assigned [[Jib]] to guard duty while they questioned Venia with [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] talking corpse spell. Venia was less forthcoming, though when they asked about Ilinda's whereabouts, she snickered that Calvus might know.

The Jibblets returned to [[Stormhaven]], where they let the captured guard go, and returned to Essential Embrocations. [[Mayak]] burst through the shop's front door, despite the Jibblets having taken Venia's key ring. They proceeded through the ground floor, peeking into rooms as they went. They eventually came to the door separating the shop from the living area and unlocked the door. Venia's remaining guards were on watch there. The Jibblets made quick work of two of them, then the other two surrendered.

Once upstairs, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] spotted some resin on a doorknob and elected to avoid it, instead using the keyring to unlock the other door, which opened into an alchemy lab. There she picked a lockbox's lock and took its contents - several poisons and bombs. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] opened a chest in the room to find several poisons.

They proceeded to Venia's bedchamber, where [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] found fancy clothes, a coin purse, a box of knockoff designer jewelry, perfumes and cosmetics, several vials of ghost ink, several encoded documents, and orders in a scroll case that read in diabolic "Plans will go into effect once our agent finishes preparations. Liquidate assets. Destroy evidence. Report to [[Velgrana]] for next assignment."

The Jibblets then took some time to sell alchemical findings that they didn't want and do some shopping.