[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] peered into the next room to see a crossbow aimed at the door. After a short deliberation, she tossed a smoke bomb into the room for cover, and the Jibblets rushed the adversary that they saw, who fell swiftly. His comrade fired off a couple of shots and used the smoke to slip out the way the Jibblets had come. [[Mayak]] managed to spot his shadow leaving the room and clocked more Scorpions ascending the stairs the way they'd come, so they barred the door. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] pushed a lush velvet couch in front of it, and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] clicked her immovable rod into place, just before pounding started on the door.

Moving into the next corridor, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] came into contact with a scarred woman with translucent skin whom the Jibblets had a brief skirmish with before she teleported away. Worried that the door they barred wouldn't hold, the Jibblets returned to the lounge, set up a kill zone, and waited. The woman who finally managed to break through the door received four arrows from [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and slumped over the velvet couch, dead. In the following battle, many Scorpions died, and the rest fled. The Jibblets took a few moments to care for their wounds before returning to the corridor of their previous skirmish. This time, spotting the same translucent woman as before with reinforcements approaching up the opposing stairs.

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] threw up a wall of flesh and mouths to cut the opposing side in half, slowing them as they needed to cut through while being bitten. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] grew a protective tree out of the rock, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] became confused and wound up biting [[Mayak]]. The Jibblets withstood a pair of divine scourings of flame in the process.