The Jibblets killed Huus' assassin and then returned him to Huus' house. They stole his equipment, then stripped him. He came to with [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] splashing water on him. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] questioned the assassin, learning that he was hired by some alchemist at [[Apothecary (Essential Embrocations)|Essential Embrocations]] in [[Stormhaven]]. He seemed to be a hired goon, so [[Mayak]] found and retrieved some guards to take him in. Before handing the assassin over to authorities, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] cast Talking Corpse on Huus, who shared that he ran messages between Ilinda at the Gilded Undertow and Venia at a storefront in [[Stormhaven]]. He also shared that he had a passphrase and that the storefront had been emptier than usual the last time he was there, along with a lot of other information.

The Jibblets sailed to [[Stormhaven]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] inquired as to the location of Essential Embrocations, learning that the shop had been closed for a while. Upon arrival at the shop, the Jibblets used Huus' passphrase to be escorted to a private meeting room by some guards. One retrieved the shop's owner, while the other kept watch outside. [[Mayak]] stole a bottle of wine, which he later put back, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] accidentally broke off part of a glass. Upon her arrival, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] wove Venia a convincing tale about Ilinda requesting her presence urgently, ultimately convincing her to come with them to their ship, then to a safe house. 

Once aboard their ship, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] offered some refreshments, and hors d'oeuvres were requested, which the Jibblets elected to poison. With several of her guards falling ill, Venia put an end to the charade, and a battle broke out. The Jibblets put down Venia and most of her guards after much difficulty, with one having called for quarter. 

The Jibblets pulled the remaining alchemical mixtures off of Venia, along with some coins and a key ring.