[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] reconnects with [[Mivalis]] following the drake attack, learning that he was attempting to aid the hippocampi with their seasonal migration when a couple stragglers got waylaid and separated by the drakes. They exchanged news on their city and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori's]] task, and then the Jibblets offered to help heal the hippocampi. [[Mivalis]] agreed to swing back to the island in about a week to make sure they aren't stranded. He also indicated that he'd stick around for a bit while the hippocampi recover.

The Jibblets traveled inland up the hill towards the structure they were told about with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] cutting a path. During the trip, [[Mayak]] spotted some movement coming from within the forest. Calling out to the creatures, a goblin, later identified as "Boom Boom," interfaced with the Jibblets. Boom Boom wanted to know why they were there. Once the Jibblets explained that they were looking for some ruins, Boom Boom said that the last longshark who was not a shark went there often. The Jibblets eventually negotiated to speak with Boom Boom's elder, offering gifts.

Upon arrival at the goblin camp, Boom Boom retrieved the elder, an older goblin woman with grey hair. She asked for the gift, which was a hammock that [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] had made. It was mistaken for a net by the elder, and she explained that the group would need a token to not die from the ruin guardian. The Jibblets traded for the token with six shiny rocks (silver pieces) and another net. While [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] made the second net, the Jibblets asked the elder's name, to which she responded, "Jaxon". Once out of sight, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] made a copy of the token, a crude carving of a leaf in some local softwood, which he later identified as a symbol of Gozreh, and the Jibblets continued toward their goal.

The Jibblets came across an overgrown monastery-like building covered in leaves, vines, and large cracks. Within, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] found the "guardian" - a 10ft tall clay construct with exaggerated featureless limbs. Once the Jibblets provided the other tablet fragment as a reference, the guardian conveyed that one had been entrusted to him in the past. [[Captain Erfried Lycander|Erfried Lycander]] - presumable [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Capt Lycander's]] late husband, had been castaway on the island some time ago and had entrusted the fragment with the construct in the event of his death but had recollected it once rescue had arrived.

During the Jibblets conversation, [[Mayak]] explored a bit of the structure when he heard movement inside. Moving to investigate, he came face-to-face with [[Finnick 'Boomer' Blackbarrel|Finnick]], [[The Crooked Crow|The Crooked Crow's]] powder monkey, pouring a trail of black powder from a keg in the monastery's entryway.

The Jibblets defeated [[Finnick 'Boomer' Blackbarrel|Finnick]] and his cohorts, then reconvened. They gave the construct a name, 'Clay,'  short for 'Clayton,' and began discussing their next moves.