The Jibblets managed to dispatch the air elementals without losing control of their ship. Afterward, they pulled clear of the storm and found themselves entering a coral reef. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] kept an eye on the coral to help with navigation, while [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] manned the sails and rigging. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] studied [[Mayak|Mayak's]] helming in an attempt to learn 'how to boat'.

After successfully navigating the coral, [[The Howling Jib]] was struck by lightning and caught fire; however, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] used water magic to effectively fight the burgeoning fire, which caused minimal damage. As the finish line came into sight, they noted only one other ship in contention, the [[Emberwake]], far off to starboard. A crew member, unfamiliar to the Jibblets, rose from below decks but was halted by [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]]. Being caught, she took flight and attempted to disrupt [[The Howling Jib]], but she was quickly dispatched, at which point she withered into a black sludge; however, her weapons and armor remained present.

Afterward, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], using his spyglass, caught the woman with an infernal pendant staring intently at their ship from the [[Emberwake|Emberwake's]] deck, and a crew member told [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] that the figure aboard their ship had simply apparated. The Jibblets finished the race, narrowly beating their competition, and were declared the victors by [[The Windrider]]. He affixed a pin to [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and had the pot brought aboard [[The Howling Jib]]. During their discussion, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] asked for a sidebar with [[The Windrider]], where [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] talked about the tragedy that had befallen their circle and that he suspected that the [[Crimson Scorpions]] were behind it. [[The Windrider]] pointed out that the Scorpions are mercenaries and were unlikely to take action like that of their own accord; he also gave the location of the island that they operate out of, though he didn't know the precise location. He told [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] not to die before he learned anything, then both stared pensively at the sea.

The gathered ships, consisting of spectators and participants, began to depart, with most seemingly heading towards [[Stormhaven]] for an afterparty. The [[Emberwake]], however, broke off, and the Jibblets elected to pursue. Once the [[Emberwake]] had created some distance, they closed in, signaling that they wanted to parlay. They were invited aboard the other ship, which the Jibblets had accepted.
