The following day, the Jibblets investigated the training ground that they had found the night prior. Finding it abandoned, they investigated the area. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] found a pair of footprints departing in a different direction than most, and the group decided to follow them. Following the trail, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] eventually came upon a trail marked by blood through a less dense area of the jungle. This trail eventually led into a gorge. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] spotted a trap, so the Jibblets spent time climbing the gorge up and around it, with [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] taking the lead. While they were doing this, a patrol of [[Crimson Scorpions]] happened by. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] managed to deescalate the situation, and the Jibblets returned to town to wait until contacted as agreed upon.

While in town, the Jibblets did some light shopping and were eventually contacted by a lean man with long blond hair and round green eyes. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] requested information on who hired the Scorpions for a job against the Plainskeeper druids, offering anything in return, and capping the interaction with a threat - that if he didn't get information, he would act in three days.

A bit more than a day later, while keeping watch at night, [[Mayak]] spotted a small foot disappearing onto the balcony beneath the upper deck. He sounded an alarm, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] bumped into an invisible figure, and [[Mayak]] saw all other creatures as dire threats as the battle unfolded.