The Jibblets were attacked by a quartet of rotting corpses; as the corpses fell, brains with legs attempted to scurry away, though they were stopped by the Jibblets in short order with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] kebabbing two of them.

The Jibblets took some time to recover and explored sections of the base that they had already traversed. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] spotted a figure caked in dust to the point of camouflage in a room with garden-level windows about 10 feet above the floor. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] cleaned the dust off to reveal a golem made of glass. Upon investigation, she determined that the figure was poised to defend should the windows be damaged.

Once they had finished exploring the area, the Jibblets proceeded deeper into the complex, finding a sea cove with decaying bodies lying in the stagnant water. They also spotted a massive, old, waterlogged ship with tattered rigging, inscribed with 'Howling Gale.' Upon her scan of the area, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] saw through one of the cave walls as its opacity reduced while she looked at it. 

The Jibblets boarded the ship searching for the promised treasure. [[Mayak]] came across a figure in the captain's cabin and attacked. The figure, a decades-rotted corpse, fought back but was eventually felled by the Jibblets. After her re-death, a larger tendrilled brain broke from her skull. During the ensuing combat, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] briefly fled after falling victim to one of the brain's mental effects. The Jibblets defeated the brain and proceeded to loot the ship, finding several valuables and magical items.