The Jibblets sail to [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori's]] home of [[Sotiría]]. On the way, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] entertains the crew by playing a concertina from the crow's nest, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] asks [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] about her culture. 

Upon arrival upon the ocean's surface, the Jibblets instruct [[Jib]] to keep the ship nearby and descend, following [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] with the aid of [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla's]] water-breathing magic. The Jibblets swim towards an underwater volcanic caldera, through the pastels of coral formations obscuring [[Sotiría]]. Once inside the city, they make their way to [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori's]] residence. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] lets herself in and has a reunion with her parents. She shared that they killed [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]], and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] decided to return his head eventually to their ancestral home of [[Katoikía]]. 

[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] then took the Jibblets on a tour of the city, starting with her mother's crystal healing space. [[Kyría Nereida Grimaldi|Kyría Nereida]] gave them each a healing crystal as thanks for protecting her daughter and performed a crystal healing ritual on [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]]. Resuming the tour, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] acquired undersea apparel for her familiar, then the Jibblets headed to the hippocampi habitat, where they met up with [[Mivalis]]. The Jibblets then attempted to ride the hippocampi through the training course. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] was unable to persuade the hippocampi to let him ride, [[Mayak]] did a circumnavigation of the course, and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] did some tricks in the center. [[Mivalis]] led a hippocampi to [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], who refused to attempt mounting it again, then [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]], clearly having done this before, did some impressive riding maneuvers in the obstacle course. After leaving, the Jibblets went to the library, where [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] did a lot of rapid reading and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] got an encyclopedia on the ocean.

With their tour concluded, the Jibblets returned to [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori's]] residence for dinner, where they had traditional Thalikó fare. Over dinner the Jibblets recapped their adventures, starting with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] killing a gorilla by firing an arrow through [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla's]] fruit hat. They discussed racing around the Maelstrom, visiting [[Illurum]], the fate of [[Elias Voss]], and the upcoming [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] invasion, along with their suspected location of the trident.

Following dinner, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] made legendary cocoon hammocks, and the Jibblets slept amongst the coral.