The Jibblets spoke to [[Eliezer McCoy]] about potential leads on [[Elias Voss|Elias Voss's]] whereabouts. He mentioned that Voss had disappeared shortly after a coalition against him had started forming. He recommended finding a way to access council or harbor records for irregularities and mentioned that an inquest was starting around him prior to his disappearance.

The Jibblets went to see [[Louis Plateau]] at the museum to see if he could get access to council records around [[Elias Voss]]. He agreed to submit requisition requests to acquire relevant records. The arcane consultant, Vargaf - a halfling Louis had mentioned previously - was there as well, and he did an arcane physical on [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]]. He noted that while similar, the effect [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] was experiencing was not a form of lycanthropy and that the effect had some kind of arcane reinforcement mechanism. This latter point made the solution significantly more difficult than simply undoing the mutation. Vargaf seemed confused as to why such a thing had been created and whether it had been working as intended. He wrapped up the physical by asking [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] where he had gotten the book from.

The Jibblets then asked [[Mary Plateau]] if she could grant access to the harbor records from a couple of decades prior. She handed over her key to the records room. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] looked through the harbor records. They found that a ship, the Emberwake, belonging to one [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Barthas Redmane]], had been in port around the time of the original attack on [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori's]] people, as well as around the time of [[Elias Voss|Elias Voss's]] disappearance. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] shared that the leader of the mercenaries that attacked her people had a red beard and that this likely wasn't a coincidence. They then asked Leaklen's mother if she recognized either name, and she offered that she'd heard [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] aunt [[Jaq (Jack) Harlow|Jaq]] mention the ship before. 

The Jibblets went to [[Jaq (Jack) Harlow|Jaq's]] ship, where [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] asked [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] to speak because there might be someone there who he doesn't want to see him, and he has a recognizable voice. He wrote her an introductory note.  [[Jaq (Jack) Harlow|Jaq]], an older tiefling woman, shared that she doesn't know the man personally, but he's sunk many [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] vessels recently, which she has no problem with. When asked about his whereabouts, [[Jaq (Jack) Harlow|Jaq]] said she didn't know where he was but did know where he would be, as he was the odds-on favorite to win the annual race around [[The Maelstrom]], given that the previous winner wasn't intending to compete this year. During the conversation, a large, handsome man built like a 'brick shit-house' left the ship. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] concealed himself more from this man. Once off the ship, he would confide that the man [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|'Sephy']] was his primary friend growing up and that he doesn't want Sephy to see him as a shark.

The Jibblets decided to set out to look for the location of the [[Zirnitra|Zirnitran]] ruins that [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] had discovered from his books previously. They did some last-minute preparations for their journey. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] purchased a Spacious Pouch to carry many items, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] collected his book from his father and tried to get funding for an expedition from the museum director but failed to do so.

The Jibblets sailed for [[Balaika]] and promptly began traversing the jungle in the direction of the ruins. They were beset by a pair of jungle drakes, which they managed to drive off.