The Jibblets made their way to [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea's]] townhome to get a lead on Drevik Thorne, the councilor who [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] had bribed to place a bounty on [[Kaelen Duskmere]]. They found him at one of his usual haunts, The Minstrel's Cup, one of the nicer taverns near the harbor. The Jibblets had deliberated on how to approach, but settled on [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] simply approaching and asking what he knew of [[Kaelen Duskmere]]. 

They learned that he'd recently encountered [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] near Waveclaw Isle, prior to his being put up to put a price on Kaelen's head. He asked if the Jibblets were aware that there was in fact no bounty for Kaelen, a fact that the Jibblets were aware of. Before leaving, [[Mayak]] bought half a bottle of rum for the crew to share.

The Jibblets sailed to Waveclaw Isle and rowed to a small floating dock. Once on land, they found the local watering hole, The Yellow Cup, and tried gathering information on Kaelen or the encounter. Someone had heard tell that his ship had been spotted near [[Gravenboro Atoll]]. This same man also read [[Leaklen Plateau|Leklen's]] palm and told him that he would drown in a shallow puddle but also find great love. Before leaving, [[Mayak]] bought a boiled egg for each crew member.

The Jibblets sailed to [[Gravenboro Atoll]], where they saw the [[Wreck of the Crestfall|Crestfall]], [[Kaelen Duskmere|Kaelen's]] ship, leaning at an odd angle on some coral. The Jibblets made their way to the wreck, finding some fishmen and several crewmembers dead on the deck. While the rest of the Jibblets investigated the ship, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] kept watch. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] saw some shadows moving under the water, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] heard a voice in his head demanding 'shinies for master.' [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] gave [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] a crystal to throw to them, and they gathered upon it like sharks to blood. Clued in by the telepathy to [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] identified them as sahuagin, which can communicate telepathically to sharks.

The Jibblets made their way to the island, beginning at a rowboat they had spotted amongst some foliage from the sea. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] led the group, following tracks, towards a smokestack that they had previously spotted. Upon reaching the rough camp, a gruff human woman interfaced with the party. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] attempted diplomacy but actually escalated tensions until [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] stepped in and calmed them down. The woman confirmed that [[Kaelen Duskmere|Kaelen]] had died aboard the ship and noted a journal he kept hidden in his quarters. The Jibblets, castaways in tow, returned to the [[Wreck of the Crestfall|Crestfall]] to retrieve the journal and speak with [[Kaelen Duskmere|Kaelen's]] corpse.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] skimmed the journal, finding many logistical notes, personal anecdotes, and the like, but he also found pages of rough yet precise ink sketches of [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane's]] fortress. The images were drawn as a bird's-eye view and had notes on several approaches. [[Kaelen Duskmere|Kaelen]] noted a secret escape tunnel; he also debated the merits of going for [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] immediately but seemed to favor a systematic purging. He also noted the possibility of killing the lookouts and jamming the boom to have access to sea reinforcements.

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] spoke with [[Kaelen Duskmere|Kaelen's]] corpse, learning that [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] is very scary and also that he didn't know of the [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] caster that he keeps around. The Jibblets inferred that that meant that she was relatively new.

[[Mayak]] quickly patched the holes in the Crestfall, and the Jibblets towed it back to shore. The Jibblets discussed the possibility of attacking [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]], including such ideas as hiring mercenaries, hiring the [[Crimson Scorpions]] in disguise and then betraying them, and cashing in their favor with [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] for reinforcements.

While back in [[Stormhaven]], [[Mayak]] spent a couple of days repairing the Crestfall, and the Jibblets learned that [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] had departed a couple of days prior.