[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] wakes numb and groggy with warm sand on her face before being pinched by a crustaceous scorpionoid creature, one of a quartet that had emerged from a nearby bay, to determine if she and the fellow castaways with her were to be their next meal. Stori immediately set to alerting the other castaways, who in turn immediately set to alerting the other castaways. In the ensuing battle, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] entered some sort of bloodlust and ate two of the scorpionoid creatures whole.

With their [[Castaway Beach|beach]] secured, the castaways tended to their wounds while Leaklan found a perch to scan their surroundings, spotting the damaged mast of The [[Wreck of The Evangeline]]. Taking a head count, the group noted that none of the ship's crew was present on the beach, though all of the ship's passengers were, except a scholar named [[Irena]]. There was also an extra who the group didn't recognize who was manacled. During this time, the castaways tried to recall the last things they remembered. They all remembered eating the previous evening's supper in the ship's galley, and [[Mayak]] had a vague memory of lying in a rowboat while an injured man paddled.

Leaklan and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] finished waking up the remaining castaways. They got a story from the manacled man about how he was framed for corruption and fled until the bounty hunter who captured him, one of the other castaways, caught up with him. Mayak managed to convince the bounty hunter to allow her quarry to be released if they could undo his manacles.

Once [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] and Stori's wounds were tended to, the party made their way to the mast that Leaklan had spotted. The Evangeline was being smashed repeatedly into rocks by the overly violent waves. Mayak spotted the remnants of the rowboat that he recalled from the night prior. Its bow moored to the ship, the rest evidently splintered against the rocks.

Once aboard the ship, the castaways encountered another scorpionoid creature, which they quickly dispatched. Ylla and Eden made their way into the storage room that the scorpionoid creature had taken an interest in, where they found the deceased body of [[Victor Osric]], the firstmate aboard the Evangeline. In inspecting his wounds, Ylla noticed two sets of injuries. The fatal wound had been the poison from the scorpion's stinger, but he also had a set of sword wounds from an hour or so prior. Meanwhile, Leaklan and Stori investigated the kitchen, where they found the deceased body of the ship's cook. He had been dead for much longer than the firstmate, somewhere in the 18-24 hour range, and he had had his throat slit. The party collected supplies from both locations and then made their way to the captain's cabin.

Within a desk in the cabin, Eden found a key ring and a journal. Most of the earlier entries were logging where the ship had made port, how far it had traveled, and in what direction. Eventually, the entries became less common and started to fixate on the passenger Irena specifically. The journal got progressively more unhinged, eventually saying that he wishes that his first mate would 'have an accident'. The journal's final entry states that he has changed the ship's course at Irena's request and that the crew is agitated by the decision. Eden also found several maps and charts in the desk; one included the island that they currently find themselves on, though the island was unnamed. She also found a potion satchel, coins, and other loot. In the same cabin, Ylla opened a footlocker with some equipment, including a holy symbol of Nethys and a spell component pouch. Finally, Mayak and Stori explored the lower deck, which housed the crew quarters, to find that the bottom of the ship had been removed along with a few bodies tangled in the debris.

The party returned to [[Castaway Beach]], where they came across [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja]], one of the other castaways, staring in wonder at a large bird flying overhead, which Ylla identified as a Pteranodon, a large flying dinosaur. The party set up camp using the supplies recovered from the ship. Eden elected not to try the keys that she recovered from the captain's cabin on [[Siaku Dolrino|Siaku's]] manacles. Ylla climbed a tree and began marking the map recovered from the captain's cabin with points of interest.