The Jibblets board the ship to be met by a half-orc named Garrick, who's a large man with a prosthetic sword arm. They say that there are other castaways on the island, so Garrick sends out a rowboat, which [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] gets on, and sends a crewman to wake the captain.

The rest of the Jibblets meet with [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]], a tall, thin woman with straight brown hair, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] regales her of their time on the island. By the time he finishes, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] has returned with the other castaways. The captain, being short-staffed at the moment and gauging the Jibblets as capable, shares that she has a lead on a treasure of some renown and offers the Jibblets to join her crew. The Jibblets decide to take the night to think it over.

Shortly after daybreak, while [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] is on watch, he is approached by a slender human who introduces himself as Quinn Jossle, but people call him 'Spider'. Their interaction ends with Spider offering a handshake and shaking the back of [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla's]] hand when he goes to meet it. In the morning the Jibblets decide to take the captain up on her offer and get tasks around the ship. [[Mayak]] helps with minor repairs, managing to fix a barrel; [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] becomes the ship's seamstress and fixes up the hammocks; as well as studying [[Irena|Irena's]] notes, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] practices knot tying, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] has a summoned skeleton swab the deck, and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] makes dinner, oat-crusted salmon with an herbed yogurt sauce served with whiskey-glazed carrots -- paired with a whiskey mojito or celery juice for a non-alcoholic option, out of the ship's slim wares.

The following morning, [[The Crooked Crow]] arrives in [[Brightwater]] for repairs, and the Jibblets take shore leave. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] goes for a jog, while [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] mail postage to their brother and father, respectively, and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] looks around town and talks to an old woman about the festival that she's seen fliers for. She shared that it's named after Cayden Cailean, who accidented into godhood. Wanting to hear more, she joined up with [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] to head to the temple in town. Once there, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] questions [[Father Jacob Marlowe|Father Marlowe]], a middle-aged, jovial human man, extensively about the deity. She learns that Cayden was a sellsword who got drunk, took on a bunch of dares, and ascended to godhood. The town worships him because the town's founders were escaped slaves, who managed to escape because a drunk guard left keys near their cage. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] had heard of the deity previously but wanted to learn more from a follower of the religion given the tale's strangeness while also giving him a hard time for fun. Afterwards the trio were offered complimentary ales. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] refused hers, and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] drank her own as well as [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]]. 

Afterwards the trio descended on the market. They patroned a woodcarver, who was a dwarven woman in the back half of her third century with silver hair tied into a braid.  [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] bought a wooden rabbit's foot, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] bought an 8" wooden crocodile and a dollhouse table and chair set, and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] commissioned a statue of her familiar. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] purchased some crystals and groceries from other vendors. Afterwards, she gifted the rabbit's foot to [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]].

The following day was [[Cayden's Revelry]]. At the festival, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] briefly joined a performance troupe as a dancer, to which [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] tipped four gold. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] and [[Mayak]] played the high striker. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] went first. The bell rang loudly throughout the square, and the head of the hammer broke off. [[Mayak]] followed up with the backup hammer, and the bell rang loudly throughout the square, and the head of the hammer broke off -- this time landing on a balcony. The duo sidled away while the carny operating the game was stunned in disbelief. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] gambled for a while and then lost at balloon darts. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] people watched throughout. 