The Jibbets returned to [[Stormhaven]], where they encountered [[Luca & Sonja]]. They caught up briefly and interacted with Bregonia, [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja's]] pet pterodon, which had recently hatched, before sending the duo to find [[Thea Varko]] afterward. During the conversation, [[Luca Romano|Luca]] mentioned that she had reached out to [[Siaku & Tatsu]] - the former responding that he'd 'talk to the quartermaster about getting some trade manifests written up.' [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] also found [[Vessa Treen]], former first mate of [[Kaelen Duskmere]], in a tavern and convinced her to join. She mentioned looking into some favors that people still owed Kaelen. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] also received a message from his aunt that she'd found her war hat.

After spending a few days in [[Stormhaven]] shopping and upgrading their equipment, the Jibblets were approached by a well-dressed gentleman near their ship. He mentioned that his captain had a mutually beneficial offer for them and handed over a small wooden box with some platinum coins as a show of good faith.

The Jibblets decided to inquire and found [['Admiral' Nylora Monteiro]] on board her flagship. She wanted the Jibblets to remove some propagandists that had it out for her and offered a warfleet of the best-trained sailors in the isles on loan in recompense. So, the Jibblets set out for [[Bloodwake Harbor]] and the tea shop that had been indicated.

The Jibblets arrived at the quiet tea shop and entered. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] spoke to the woman behind the counter and ordered a cup of tea while trying to get her to spill information in casual conversation. While this transpired, [[Mayak]] found a secret room behind a bookcase, pushed it open, and dragged a halfling man out to interrogate. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] broke down the door to the back office, finding who appeared to be the boss of the propagandist ring. 

Shortly thereafter the situation devolved to violence. The Jibblets made short work of the propagandists. They [[Mayak]] slayed the boss, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] chased down the fleeing halfling, and the other propagandist surrendered.

The Jibblets then convinced the surviving propagandists to make negative propaganda about [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|The Pirate King]] and positive propaganda about [[The Admiral]].