The Jibblets reconvened with [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] in the morning to discuss the timetable and plan. [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] pointed out that she had made a public declaration, so it would be wise to act before [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] got word of the coup. Her plan was for the remnants of the fleet to blockade [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash's]] ships in port and lay siege to his keep as a distraction to draw defenders to the exterior, while the Jibblets assault a secret passage into the sea cave beneath.

The Jibblets arrived on a rocky beach and found the cave entrance hidden behind a decades-old illusion. After traversing through the passage, the Jibblets heard a large man with orc features giving orders to guard the lift and kill anything they don't recognize that comes out of it. The Jibblets also took note of a blackpowder barrel that was leaking into a puddle, causing an oily effect, and activity aboard [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash's]] flagship that seemed to indicate that it was about to set sail.

The Jibblets ambushed and fought off the lift guards with the aid of an invisible shroud from [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] while under fire from an overlook on the opposite side of the sea cave. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] scared off the snipers with a biting darkness as the last of the lift guards fell.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] attempted to swim across the sea cave but got scared off by large sharks. He attempted to get [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] to talk to the sharks, but [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] refused on the basis that [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] probably shouldn't run off alone.

The Jibblets passed by some jail cells with gaunt pirates, poked their heads into an armory with brutal and practical tools, then passed the ship to progress to the overlook where the snipers had been earlier. The Jibblets found the snipers in a provision store. They stood down and told the Jibblets that [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] is on his ship.

Returning to the vessel, the Jibblets saw several riggers and deckhands flee, with sharks chomping some of them and turning the water red. The Jibblets engaged with some bulkier pirates aboard the deck; above a sniper with a rifle confirmed that these were the intruders and began firing, but [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] climbed up and shoved them off. A monkey also appeared from below deck and began throwing bombs, to which [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] returned. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] told the monkey to stop, or it would die.