After triaging their wounds, the Jibblets made their way into the ziggurat at the center of Gorilla City. On one of the floors, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] found etchings of branching lines leading to overlapping circles of various sizes. He determined that these traced genealogy throughout the ancient [[Zirnitra|Zirnitran]] society. Though he wasn't able to identify the numbering system denoted by the circles, he did recognize it from his book. He also found etchings that appeared to be newer, most likely made by some now-ancient archeologist.

On a separate floor, the Jibblets found a star and terrain map. [[Mayak]] noticed that the stars were slightly distorted from how they look today; meanwhile, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] managed to identify the terrain map on the floor as the continent that they were on, albeit with a significantly lower coastline. He pieced together that these maps were several thousand years old based on the position of the stars. There was also a trio of gem clasps located around the room.

At the top level, the Jibblets found a stone coffer containing a trio of specifically cut gems as well as several hundred gold worth of other gems, ivory, and gold chunks. They returned to the map room and set the gems in the clasps. An arcane effect triggered but seemed to cancel itself out. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] identified it as a teleportation spell that was unable to find its destination. She then realized that the spot on the terrain map that the spell highlighted is currently located below [[The Maelstrom]]. 

The Jibblets made their way back towards their ship. While traveling through the jungle, they realized that they were being watched by the same group of people that they had spotted last time. They decided not to engage with them again; however, they kept an eye towards them as they traversed.

Upon reaching [[Balaika]], the Jibblets noticed some graffiti on banners and richer colonial homes and imposing administrative buildings overlooking poorer districts in the city proper. The Jibblets did some brief shopping and then sailed for [[The Maelstrom]].

The Jibblets found the starting isle for the pirate race and registered their ship, with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] as captain and [[Mayak]] as first mate.  They also paid the entry fee and recruited some additional sailors. The Jibblets crafted several plans around a confrontation with [[Captain Barthas Redmane]], which included but was not limited to setting [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] on fire. However, they elected to instead send [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] to Redmane posing as a fan. He spotted Redmane's imposing figure, wild red beard, and battle-scarred face traveling with a cohort of officers. On [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] approach, [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] asked his cohort why this thing was talking to him, and an officer with an infernal pendant forced [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] to laugh while the group departed.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] reported back to the other Jibblets, and they decided to send [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Mayak]], with the former concealed, to a meeting of captains aboard [[The Windrider|The Windrider's]] ship Zephyr's Gambit to go over the race. They received a map and learned that they would be disqualified if they attacked another ship and were sent to the race's starting point.

[[The Windrider]] gave an opening spiel booming over the waves to the assembled ships, then summoned lightning, which struck and set off a cannon, starting the race. He then transformed into a large bird of prey and set out ahead of the gathered ships. A sudden sharp wind cut across the gathered participants, and [[The Howling Jib]] managed to avoid any incidental contact with other ships.

As [[The Howling Jib]] approached a sandbar, a massive 30ft wave swept down over the ship from its stern, sweeping everyone but [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] overboard. The Jibblets, having previously tied themselves to the ship, were able to pull themselves up with some aid from [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]]. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] sat at the front of the ship to navigate through the sandbar, communicating directions to [[Mayak]], who was helming. The remaining Jibblets worked the sails or pumped the bilge. Soon after departing the sandbar, the currents became chaotic with the wind fighting the ship. At one point the ship was pushed horizontally, flat against the sea, with only [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] remaining aboard to assist with the initial recovery. The Jibblets again worked the sails and bilges, this time with [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] summoning wind to counteract the ship's luffing as [[Mayak]] continued to helm.

As the regatta continued, the Jibblets witnessed a dragon turtle capsizing the much smaller ship, The Smiling Kraken. The Jibblets, fearful of the creature, elected to give it a wide berth, giving up some position in the regatta. They managed to outrun the chelonian but witnessed it sinking a second ship before it was out of sight.

Following their brush with the dragon turtle, [[The Howling Jib]] passed into the storm proper. With exceptional sailing and good hands throughout the ship, [[Mayak]] managed to navigate the stretch while only being struck by lightning a single time. The moisture from the ship's previous submerging kept it from catching alight from the strike. However, the ferocity of the storm caused a trio of air elementals to form.