The Jibblets set sail for [[The Maelstrom]]. Once they reached the outskirts, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] used her trident to carve a path into the center of the storm. As they traversed, the winds howled like gods screaming through an orchestra. Once they passed the cyclone wall, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] spotted a whirlpool-looking shape of impossible depth, as well as rivulets of water streaming upward. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] suggested that they lower the anchor, cast water breathing, and climb down the chain. [[Jib]] took command of the deck while the Jibblets descended.

As the Jibblets passed through the base of the whirlpool, gravity seemed to almost invert, and they turned to see a pulsing wound in the world behind them. They began exploring the waterlogged city, with [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] taking the lead; following an avenue spiraling off into the void, they came across some signage, including one indicating the 'Zirnitran Institute for Bioarcanistry,' and headed there.

Within they found a remarkably well-preserved building, with bloated corpses, several having animalistic features. Within a central chamber, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] found various biological schematics, as well as notes about a stabilization pod and references to Chimera Cores. The Chimera Cores seemed to be a project in beta. He also found indicators that there was some animosity between the Zirnitrans and the ogres.

Finding the stabilization pod, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] managed to get it into working order within a couple hours but delayed entering it, thinking about the Chimera Core project. He went looking for where the cores were stashed but found them missing - recently. So, he sought out [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] to track them down. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori's]] search led them to [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]], who was looting the facility. Acquiring one of the cores from [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]], [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] got to work on it. He became fixated on the project and had to be removed when the other Jibblets were running out of air. They returned to [[The Howling Jib]], with [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] convincing [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] to sleep, and then returned the next day.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] eventually got the core working and had [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] activate the machine to transform him back. Once the machine had finished, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] assumed that it hadn't worked, but [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] had him look at his hands, and he saw human flesh. While [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] left to retrieve the other Jibblets, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] tested transforming back and forth successfully. 

After a round of congratulations, the Jibblets decided to explore a bit more while they were here. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] found evidence that the Zirnitrans tore open a portal to the Plane of Water, essentially causing an apocalypse millennia prior. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] deduced that this portal was the wound that they had been traversing through at the center of [[The Maelstrom]]. She sent a message to her brother, an accomplished wizard, to see if he could manage to close it, but his return message cut off after he expressed dismay at [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] prior series of messages. The Jibblets then resolved to go to him and ask for assistance in closing the portal.

Their next stop was at the ruins of Katoikía, the former homeland of [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori's]] people. There they dug a hole near the town center and buried [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane's]] head. Once the service had concluded, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] took some time to navigate through the ruins, as she'd not been there for a couple decades.

The Jibblets decided to stop by [[Illurum]] on their way to [[Kardathos]] so that [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] could update his parents. Meanwhile, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] found an appraiser for the remaining Chimera Cores. The appraiser was an older gnome in a stereotypical star-and-moon blue wizard hat. When asked who they could be sold to, he mentioned his 'weird cousin,' and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] hit his head on the door frame on his way out. Finding the cousin's house, a stereotypical wizard's tower with a bend midway up, in the middle of a city block, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] presented the cores to an identical-looking gnomish man without the hat. When [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] asked what he would do with them, the gnome responded that he'd either do something really cool or they'd be a paperweight. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] decided not to sell the cores and had a brief spat with the man.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] informed both of his parents that he's now a real boy and about how [[The Maelstrom]] is caused by a portal to the Plane of Water. He then painted a landscape of Katoikía to give [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] later while waiting for his mother's bean and potato chip casserole.
