The party set out from their original camp with the NPCs in tow, eventually settling down at their camp near the driftwood buildings. After a few party members hunted/foraged for fish/berries and the like, the castaways turned in for the night. 

The following morning, the party set out on the game trail north of the driftwood structures. After approximately an hour of travel, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] saved [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] from stepping on a vine, which was pulled taut across the trail. Upon further investigation, they deduced that it was a snare designed to pull its victim into a pair of spikes angled downward in a nearby tree. Reaching an intersection, the party elected to turn left, eventually avoiding a second snare trap on the trail. Following the trail to its terminus, the party encountered a campsite with a completed wooden shack with the name Tsunami above its entrance, most likely pulled from their corresponding shipwreck.

This campsite seemed to be better established than the one the party had encountered previously, though it had similar old bloodstains. Of note, the wooden shack had hundreds of humanoid teeth hammered into one of its walls. 

The party then elected to scout out the grassy knoll that they had spotted previously. Once there, they spotted another shipwreck to explore. The party made their way there, fording a river in the process. Aboard the ship, amidst the sharp tang of rotting wood and the sea and the ghostly wailing of the remnants of the ship's, tattered sails [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] found a skeleton clutching a locked coffer in the captain's cabin, while [[Mayak]] found four iron ingots in the ship's hold. 

Leaving the ship, the party made their way to the thorny vine thicket that they had encountered previously. In an attempt to break off a thorn, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] cut her hand on one of them. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] then managed to hack through the thicket with his sword, collecting a sweet-smelling berry from the middle of the thicket. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] identified the berry stating that they helped resist diseases, and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] returned to collect the rest.

The party returned to their campsite, finding a pair of giant geckos added to their ration stores, with one currently roasting over the fire. [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] thorn cut began to develop a painful rash, which [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] attempted to treat. The castaways then settled into sleep/watches for the night. 

On [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] watch, a ghost captain rose out of the campfire. Staring at Eden and stating 'Elincia' repeatedly. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]], noticing the ghost's attention drawn to the coffer she recovered, managed to pick its lock and open it, revealing a dagger, a locket, and a ledger. She attempted to handover the items, but the ghost grew increasingly upset as it couldn't interact with the locket. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] prodded [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] awake, who promptly screamed upon seeing the ghost, waking the entire campsite in the process.

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] put on the locket, drawing the ghost's ire, while the castaways beat on the ghost until it dispersed into mist.