The Jibblets made their way to the [[Circle of the Sapphire Flame]], where [[Queen Meira Wystan]] indicated she'd sought help reviving her brother. The Jibblets entered the austere guild hall and informed the secretary on duty that they had a meeting with [[Archmagus Seraphine Deymaris]], which was a lie. However, when the secretary checked her log, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] read it upside down and said a name for their rough arrival time, claiming to be sent by the wood elf on the schedule to discuss the dark wood forests. They were allowed entry and made their way to the archmagus' office. 

Seeming remorseful or ashamed at the events that had taken place, she was amenable to helping the Jibblets. She provided a writ to get the original records from the guild's archives and herself went to retrieve [[Prince Osric Wystan|Prince Osric Wystan's]] signet ring from the guild's vault. In the archives the Jibblets encountered [[Jade]], a classmate from [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] magical school days who had gotten her expelled, working the desk. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] pretended not to recognize him, and he eventually acquiesced to retrieving the requested journal.

The Jibblets found the journal to be encoded, so [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] spent the afternoon translating it. They returned to the archmagus' office afterwards to retrieve the signet ring. On their way out of the hall, they noticed a wood elf complaining to the secretary that he had an appointment four hours ago.

The Jibblets returned  to the prince's chamber in the royal palace and performed the ritual. They managed to detach the soul tether and perform a resurrection. At its conclusion the prince seemed temporarily debilitated but alive. Upon departing, the Jibblets heard the sound of a dog's tail slapping a solid object, signifying that the queen had returned. The Jibblets informed her that they had performed the ritual. After checking on her brother and confirming that [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] would lend aid should his condition deteriorate again, she offered boons. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] requested that her parents get a shout-out at court, [[Mayak]] asked to be paid, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] asked to be knighted. The following morning, teary-eyed, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] was knighted, and [[Mayak]] collected his payment. The Jibblets then checked with [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] brother [[Erick Lockton|Erick]], who said that he'd be ready to depart that evening. Later that evening, [[Erick Lockton|Erick]] approached [[The Howling Jib]] with a cart of magical accoutrements, and the Jibblets set sail for [[The Maelstrom]].

[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] used the [[Tide Caller's Trident]] to traverse [[The Maelstrom]]. Once in the eye of the storm, [[Erick Lockton|Erick]] explained the ritual that would need to be performed to seal the portal. Once the Jibblets traversed through the wound, they started setting up their end of the ritual. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] placed the keystone and anchored it with a glue bomb that he borrowed from [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]]. The Jibblets noted that nearby wildlife were heavily agitated once the ritual started. Then [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] prayed to Gozreh, the deity of wind and waves, to bless the ritual. Around that time, [[Mayak]] spotted a large squid-like creature approaching rapidly.

The creature, which [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] would later identify as a small kraken, swatted and crushed several members of the Jibblets with its tentacles before [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] managed to complete the ritual. Having broken free of the kraken's grasp while it was temporarily blinded by [[Eden Lockton|Eden]], [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] scooped [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] up and swam expeditiously for the now closing wound with [[Mayak]] close behind. They joined [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]], who had already made it through. Upon breaching the surface, the Jibblets were met with a trio of bisected kraken tentacles as the storm rapidly faded.