The Jibblets asked their questions of the talking corpse. 'Who killed you?' - 'I don't know. I got shot in the back.', 'Who had reason to kill you?' - 'Either Ilinda, whom I'm spying for, or [[The Windrider]] whom I was spying on.', 'Why were you spying on him?' - 'Got paid to. Logged when ships associated with him arrive and depart.' 

Following asking questions of the corpse, the Jibblets investigated the hut and its surroundings. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] identified that the body had been here for about a week and found a glass vial out the rear window, presumably left by the assassin. He identified the remains as a simple injury poison. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] found boot prints of a normal-sized human partially washed away by the rain. [[Mayak]] discovered a hidden compartment containing a pouch with 70 gp and a scroll case coded with diabolic writing and sheet music. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] attempted to decode the missive but was unable to.

The Jibblets decided to take their findings back to [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea Varko]]. Upon presenting the sheet music, she managed to perform it, which helped [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] decipher it. The missive was to monitor ships and report to Ilinda Matai at her tavern in [[Bloodwake Harbor]]. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] spoke with his brother, [[The Windrider]], prior to leaving, who did not seem to know that he was being spied on, and mentioned that he had a loose coalition with [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea Varko]] and [['Admiral' Nylora Monteiro]]. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] suggested that he name their group 'The Coralition.'

Upon their arrival in [[Bloodwake Harbor]], [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] gathered information by talking to commoners. He found that Ilinda runs the Gilded Undertoe but hasn't opened for several days and that guards busted in a couple of days ago. The Jibblets made their way to the dockside tavern, which had a busted front door, and investigated, with [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] finding a lone parchment with strange markings and an attached note that read 'Send with Huus.' 

The Jibblets tracked down the admiral's residence. They managed to convince one of her guards to send a missive for an audience, name-dropping [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea Varko]] in the process. Upon the admiral's arrival, the Jibblets described their investigation and asked about Huus, whom one of the guards recognized as a regular at the Gilded Undertoe. The Jibblets managed to track down his residence, but shortly after he opened the door, an arrow pierced his throat, killing him. The Jibblets then chased down the assassin, boxing him in.