[[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] recanted the 'dream' he had while dead, revealing part of his history in the process. He shared his homeland, the etymology of his name, and that at least some of his family is dead. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] left out some more fish for the spider cat before settling in for her watch that night. During his watch, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] woke [[Tatsu]] and headed out towards the sea. 

The party woke, and several Jibblets were concerned that [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] headed out by himself. They followed him to the sea to find him mostly submerged in the water. The party doubled back and headed in the direction of the lighthouse, taking a brief detour to another abandoned campsite. They found several partially collapsed shelters made of driftwood and an assortment of personal belongings, as well as signs of violence long past. The party settled down for the night at one of their previously established campsites.

The following morning, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] cast cleanse affliction to help [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] get over his ghoul fever. The group returned to the lighthouse, encountering a group of hunter spiders along the way.

At the lighthouse, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] shared his stress about the current situation with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]], who gave some helpful advice; [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] shared some information about how she became a witch and her immediate family. The Jibblets elected to recuperate at camp for a couple of days. During this time, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] studied the currents, verifying that normal ocean currents were at play, but something else was also affecting the tides. She hypothesized that the trident that was stolen from her people was somehow related. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] infused some gemstones recovered from the [[Treasure Pit]] with light, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] made twine necklaces for each Jibblet so they could each have a permanent light source. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] also attempted to transcribe some of his book. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] wrote a letter to her brother, though obviously unable to send it, and [[Mayak]] attempted to repurpose the kitchen doors as a gate to the camp.

After recuperating, the Jibblets headed towards the mountain in pursuit of [[Irena]]. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] found a pretty good campsite at the end of the first day of travel, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] made hammocks again. The second day the party came across a [[Rickety Rope Bridge|rickety rope bridge]] crossing a gorge with rapids below. [[Mayak]] crossed first to affix an additional rope to the other side, and the Jibblets passed one at a time following him.

The party came upon an intersection after traversing a switchback path up the mountain; they elected to travel downhill a bit toward where they suspected the weird stones they'd heard about previously were.

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] recognized the stones from the ritual that was found in [[Irena|Irena's]] things at [[Camp Cannibal]]. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] recognized the design of the stones as [[Zirnitra|Zirnitran]] in origin, sharing that he had an interest in the near-mythic precursors and that he'd been in one of their ruins recently. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] had a discussion with a small bit of shrubbery, who had a good day with both the rain and the sun. The shrub shared that there was a person here around a week prior and that the ground shook while they were here and that that was weird because the ground doesn't usually shake. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] read the psychometric resonance of the stones, feeling residual ambition that she identified as having been left by [[Irena]].

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] performed the ritual detailed in the notes. At the ritual's conclusion, there was a deafening, thunderous boom as the ground began to shake and the nearby bay began draining. A large eight-legged feline fell out of a nearby tree, seeming quite upset at the sudden cacophony.