The Jibblets decide to sail The Howling Gale out of the [[Sea Cove|sea cove]]. The larger ship pulls up beside [[The Crooked Crow]], and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] distributed the recovered alcohol amongst the crew. During this time, [[Luca Romano|Luca]] expressed interest in taking one of the ships off of the Jibblet's hands.

The pair of ships limped into port at [[Stormhaven]] with skeleton crews upon each. Once there, the Jibblets elect to sell [[The Crooked Crow]], the smaller - though healthier - of the two ships, to [[Luca Romano|Luca]] for 50 gp. She commented that that accounted for most of her funds. There was discussion of a tithe placed on the ship's earnings. She recruited more crew members and departed with [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja]] in tow a short time later.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] struck out to look for a library or bookstore but failed to find one, became overstimulated, and took refuge in a bar. [[Mayak]] looked for someone to repair The Howling Gale; he was quoted at about 200 gp for the work. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] went shopping for magic items and made a couple of purchases. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] went looking for a place to sell some of the gems and jewelry that he had gathered throughout the adventure and came across a jeweler with an olfactory section, run by a tiefling. He would make two additional trips here to sell other items. After leaving the jeweler's, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] saw [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] breathing into a bag in the bar. The pair set out to look for a bookstore together. Feeling awkward about not buying anything, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] purchased a pepper soda before leaving. The duo then found a bookstore in an alley next door to the bar. The bookstore was in a small, cramped building, with dust lingering in the air and stacks of books piled at the ends of and often in front of shelves. Despite the perceived chaos, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] quickly understood the organizational system and selected three language books for himself and a crafting book at the request of [[Mayak]]. He then left a note and payment with the slumbering elderly dwarven shopkeeper.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] reconvened with [[Mayak]] to find a blacksmith, a massive, bald, half-orc with fire-scarred arms to upgrade their armor and shields. They sold some equipment at the magic shop that [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] had found to cover the cost of their purchase.

After their shopping spree, the Jibblets no longer had the funds to get their ship repaired. So, they paid the shipwright what they could, then spent four weeks repairing the ship themselves/gathering funds to pay the shipwright more. During this time, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] worked on translating his book. Working with [[Irena|Irena's]] notes, he managed to identify the location that the [[Zirnitran Outpost]] inhabitants had traveled from, deep in the [[Zelvahar]] rainforest. He also identified his book as a journal or notebook of some kind. Once the repairs to the ship were complete, the Jibblets affixed a carved figurehead, made by [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], of [[Jib]] to its bow and rechristened the ship [[The Howling Jib]].

[[Mayak]] recruited enough crew members to man the ship, and the Jibbets set off. They sailed 20 days to [[Illurum]], docking in the bustling metropolis's vast harbor. They were met by a dock worker named Yando on the pier who had intended to take their docking fee, but [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] scared him by asking where his mother was. Yando said she was in her office and to remember to get their ship registered.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] led the Jibblets to his mother's office and knocked on the door. His mother, a fiftyish-year-old, human woman, wheelchair-bound, missing legs, with fiery red hair and a few white streaks, and a jacked build, answered. She asked 'Leakley' what happened, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] gave a rundown of everything that had happened. He boarded a ship with [[Professor Clover]] against his parent's wishes to look for [[Zirnitra]]. They found some ruins; [[Professor Clover]] picked up a book, and everyone started turning into animals. After that, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] explained that he fled, then recounted the Jibblet's adventures. He expressed his desire to see his pediatrician to get cured, but his mother thought that that would be beyond his capabilities. She said that his father may be more help and told him to stop for dinner. She was serving bean and potato casserole. She also waived the registration fee.