[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] deciphered the coded documents, uncovering a spy ring as well as assassination orders for some key players. Specifically, they found a receipt for the assassinations of several people, including Huus, Ilinda, and Izreer, among others, to be carried out by a man named Calvus. The Jibblets then sailed back to [[Bloodwake Harbor]] to ask the assassin, whom they had turned over to the guards for murdering Huus, about who this Calvus was. In their questioning they also learned that Ilinda was in the harbor with a bag of rocks. They convinced Calvus to spill his guts by freeing him from his cell, only to immediately place him in a different one.

The Jibblets, satisfied in their investigations for now, returned to [[Stormhaven]] to give their translated documents to [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea Varko]]. She called out the references to their 'agent finishing preparations,' pointing out that it sounded like a countdown. She also stated that she'd slap a few of the councilors with it and asked the Jibblets to attend the next meeting to 'stir some minds and rattle some chairs' before [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] gets bored and storms out. Thea also had a couple of her retainers retrieve Venia's body for later corpse talking. 

While in [[Stormhaven]], the Jibblets spotted [[The Crooked Crow]], the ship they had sold to [[Luca Romano|Luca]] and [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja]]. They had a brief conversation in which [[Luca Romano|Luca]] handed over 30 gp of proceeds and mentioned that she'd heard of a bounty on [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] to return her alive to the Lockton estate in [[Kardathos]]. Upon mention of [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]], she also noted that she'd heard a rumor that he was bribing a member of the pirate council to place a bounty on one of his former officers.

The Jibblets took this later information back to [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]], who revealed that she had done some preliminary research based on their original conversation. Kaelen Duskmere, the officer in question, had left [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane's]] employ several months ago, shortly before [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] himself had vanished for a while. Given that [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] seems one to lead through fear and regularly killed his former officers, rather than let them leave, [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] posited that whatever had caused [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane's]] absence had allowed Kaelen to create distance in his escape at that time.

The JIbblets then sailed to [[Akh-Telkar]] to  try to dig up information on the [[Crimson Scorpions]]. Once at the rowdy port, [[Mayak]] found a rough-and-tumble sailor's bar with a broken staff suspended by a pulley system to a second-story window. Inside he spotted a man with a sword similar to [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla's]] and the JIbblets elected to wait for him to leave and follow him, which eventually happened. They trailed the man 30-40 minutes past the palisades that mark the border of the city to a clearing in the jungle that seemed to be used for training sessions. The Jibblets then returned to their ship and slept until the following morning.