The sniper aboard [[Vorgash's Flagship|Vorgash's flagship]] said that she was a merchant trying to score some brownie points with [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] and left. The monkey continued fighting on but fled shortly thereafter. While the monkey was still harassing the Jibblets, [[Mayak]] opened the door to the captain's cabin to find [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash Thrask]]. The rest of the Jibblets crowded him until [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] managed to put him to sleep. While [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] was unconscious, the Jibblets quickly healed their wounds, and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] took his weapons and shield. The Jibblets then began stabbing and cutting into him while he was still on the ground. [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] managed to regain his feet and landed a few solid blows on the Jibblets - mostly [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] - before finally being brought down.

While the Jibblets healed their wounds, [[Mayak]] got the ship running and sailed out of the sea cave and back to shore. The Jibblets then brought [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash's]] body to [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]], who was running a faux siege on the exterior of the fortress. Congratulating the Jibblets on their success, she asked who fancied the crown, and after some deliberation, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] volunteered. 

Upon seeing [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash's]] body, many of the defenders threw down their weapons or otherwise surrendered, and allied pirates began rolling barrels of rum and mead into the keep to start a party immediately. The Jibblets departed back to the sea caves to free the prisoners and loot the vault/armory. They then sold most of their findings and did some shopping. 

After a shopping session, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] made their way to the party. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] joined in on exaggerated tellings of their exploits and had a barrel of seawater dumped on her as a type of coronation. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]], who had found a quiet balcony, was eventually approached by [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Joseph Harlow]], who was looking for [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]]. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] lied and said that he intended on coming later. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] then departed, flying towards [[The Howling Jib]] to find [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] on a hammock on the deck of the ship. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] refused to go to the party, so [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] bound him in the hammock and took off back towards the party.

Upon landing, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] grabbed [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla's]] foot as he tried flying away, only for [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Joseph]] to appear behind him at that moment. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], noticing, decided to jump off the roof after [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] failed to catch him. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] then told [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Joseph]] to find [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] on [[The Howling Jib]] and gave him [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] hammock to return.

At [[The Howling Jib]], [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Joseph]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] had a heart-to-heart, where [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] bemoaned not being as cool or useful as the other Jibblets, and [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Joseph]] said that they probably don't think that and pointed out that [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] is living the types of stories that they used to read about. They then quietly enjoyed each other's company.

The following morning, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] wrote a letter to her brother saying that she was the new pirate king, then met up with [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] and asked her to be her 'first mate'. [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] stipulated that she wouldn't be a proxy and agreed.