The Jibblets had dinner with [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] parents, during which his father, [[Louis Plateau|Louis]], brought up the potential ecological impacts of turning [[The Maelstrom]] off. During dinner the other Jibblets witnessed [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] stuffing his pockets with green bean potato chip casserole. Following dinner, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] sought out some books on meteorology in an attempt to gauge the potential impact of disabling [[The Maelstrom]], but worked out little in the way of the ecological impact. After dinner [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] presented his painting of Katoikía to [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] along with a watertight scroll case.

In the morning the Jibblets sailed to [[Kardathos]]. There, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] dispersed shawls to camouflage the party as [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] led them through narrow streets to her brother's residence in the upper city. Erick, [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] brother, was a bit perturbed at her life updates and intrigued at the prospect of closing [[The Maelstrom]], which [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] laid out academically. He thought that he could get leave to work on the project if he framed it as a political gambit of sorts. Erick indicated that he'd need some time to finish up some business and do research on the problem. When [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] bounty was brought up, Erick seemed none the wiser about it. The Jibblets stayed the night at some quarters he managed to provide in the upper city.

The following morning the Jibblets had breakfast in an establishment with heavy curtains cordoning off sections and then proceeded to the estate of [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] parents. [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] mother had their butler pay the Jibblets for completing the bounty, then attempted to get them to leave, but they were allowed in once [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] said that she'd leave if they couldn't stay. Over tea with her parents, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] was faced with much minimization and justification but little concern. It was quickly clear that they wanted something. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] became angered by their treatment of [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and scolded them at several points. Eventually, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] asked what they wanted her for, and they shared that the queen's brother, an undead, was ailing, and they sought royal favor for resolving the issue. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] mentioned that she'd actually resurrected someone before, pointing out [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]], and her father commented that he had been unaware that the undead smelled of green beans.

The Jibblets departed after having a brief heart-to-heart about how [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] felt the need to make her parents proud, and the others assured her that that wasn't the case. She also explained how she had run away from boarding school after getting expelled. They then departed for the palace to attempt to lend aid because the prince was an innocent in this. 

Once at the palace, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] had managed to talk her way inside to an audience with the queen and her pet mastiff. [[Queen Meira Wystan]] entreated [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] to help her brother if she could, noting that he was irreplaceable and that her crown did not easily forget its debts. The Jibblets were led to a chamber with shuttered windows heavy with cloves and incense trying to mask rot. [[Prince Osric Wystan]] had remnants of striking nobility remaining, but his skin is now pale and sallow, clinging tightly in places, with necrotic swelling in others. He spoke raspily, alternating between intelligence and staring into the middle distance.

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] managed to deduce that his body was tethered to his soul, which is currently residing in The Boneyard, a purgatory, and that said tether is fraying. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] inquired with the queen as to who made the binding and was pointed towards an arcanist's guild on the coast in the days following her revolt.