[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] woke the party to warn them of a returning group of cannibals, whom the party swiftly dispatched. They took one of the cannibals captive, who introduced himself as "three-toed" Kantor. Kantor said that the last people to arrive at camp had managed to talk their way in which he admitted was strange. He seemed to not know anything about the strange wave behavior, specifically with the sea receding briefly the previous day. Kantor offered to lead the group to hidden treasure in exchange for sparing him from being thrown into the caves beneath the camp, but the party quickly determined he was lying. They threw him into the caves anyway, where he landed with a sickening crunch.

On a later watch, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] spotted a ghostly figure watching from the sea, recognizing it as a familiar spirit, that had previously arisen from a campfire. The pair observed each other in silence for a few minutes before the specter disappeared back into the waves.

The following morning, over breakfast, the party discussed potential group names and allowed their "fearless leader", [[Jib]], to decide. Thus, they became the Jibblets.  The Jibblets decided to clear out the caves beneath the camp before they could become a problem.

The Jibblets had some success using cannibal corpses as distractions, until [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] was spotted, triggering a fight. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] provided light sources to navigate the darkness. Shortly after the battle began, a ghoul spellcaster rose from the water. The party assumed this was "Mother", who extended an invitation for the Jibblets to join her in eternity. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] immediately refused her offer. The Jibblets got split up due to a well-placed darkness spell from Mother.

In the ensuing struggle, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] fell in combat. the party made some unsuccessful efforts to convince Mother to raise him, unsure if that was even possible.
