The Jibblets returned to [[The Howling Jib]] and began their return to [[Stormhaven]]. On the way, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] spoke to a seagull, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] studied some books, including those that he bought on [[Veriduna]].

Once in [[Stormhaven]], the Jibblets, less [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], who decided to remain behind to guard the ship found, [[Thea Varko|Thea]] on her ship, The Mermaid's Corruption. She had several maps and dagger-pinned notes about. She said that [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] wasn't taking the [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] threat seriously and that she intended to meet them before they made landfall. She said she'd since heard corroborating reports and asked the Jibblets to rally allies, seeming to indicate that they had more weight than they thought. 

The Jibblets eventually reconvened with [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], and they discussed some options, including [[Luca & Sonja]], [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla's]] brother [[Sylro]], the goblin tribe from the island they had stranded [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]], and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] aunt [[Jaq Harlowe|Jaq]]. In the end, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] sent letters by express hawk to [[Luca & Sonja]] and his aunt. During the conversation, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] brought up the possibility that the [[Veriduna|Veridunans]] were going to use the trident that [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] is looking for to navigate the hurricane - a part of the [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] plan that several people have pointed out as strange or insane.

The Jibblets then decided to return to [[Redmane's Fortress]] to see if there were any ships left unattended. There weren't, but [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] did spot an invisible creature, who they found out was left to report any strange persons moving about the fort to his mistress. The party also interrogated a large, drunk orc and a corpse of a prisoner via [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] magic. They learned some information about the ships that had been there, notably that they took most of the supplies and made their way north, most likely to meet up with the larger [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] fleet.

After leaving [[Redmane's Fortress]], the Jibblets decided to finish their business with the [[Crimson Scorpions]], returning to the island where they are based. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] bypassed a trapped arch on their path by observing scratch marks on the nearby plinths to determine which parts were regularly pressed in. The Jibblets then snuck up to a cliffside fortress where [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] made the group invisible and gave them her guts to use as a rope to let down from the second-floor observation deck. With most of the party present, the Jibblets made quick work of the three scouts in the room, with [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] capping the fight by summoning a noisy indoor lightning storm.