The Jibblets returned to the beach where they had originally landed; there they saw [[The Crooked Crow|The Crooked Crow's]] second rowboat. While the Jibblets inspected the new arrival, likely taken by Finnick and his cohorts, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] dove into the lagoon. While submerged, she managed to find a sea cave that [[Mivalis]] and the hippocampi had holed up in while he waited for them to recover. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] asked [[Mivalis]] to remain near the island for another day, to which he agreed. 

Overnight the pirate who had escaped from [[Finnick 'Boomer' Blackbarrel|Finnick's]] group tried to sneak away by hiding under one of the rowboats as he crawled it to shore. However, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] caught him in the act. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] convinced the man, Sticus, to try to convince the crew of [[The Crooked Crow]] to stand down on the morrow.

The following day the Jibblets rowed to [[The Crooked Crow]], keeping towards the stern of the ship. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] and [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]] briefly exchanged wits, but once the Jibblets had boarded, [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]] ordered them 'taken'. 

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] hearing commotion below deck, climbed through a porthole to find a door being blocked. He threatened to blow up the keg of black powder he took from [[Finnick 'Boomer' Blackbarrel|Finnick]], causing most of the crewmen there to stand down. [[Jib]], [[Luca Romano|Luca]], and [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja]] would bust out of the blocked room to help [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] cleanup. Quinn Jostle also emerged on the lower deck and thought that the setup was an elaborate prank planned by [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]].

Above deck, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] retreated into the water after being swarmed by the crew; meanwhile, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] forced [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]] into the water on the other side of the ship. Trapped in the water with both [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Mayak]], [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]], seeing that she was plainly outmatched in the scenario, asked for their terms. Following this, she was led to the rowboat with the pair and Sticus.