Upon arriving in camp, the PCs took notice of two missing NPCs who went out to hunt/gather. Feeling a sense of urgency, they sought them out, electing to follow [[Tatsu|Tatsu's]] tracks. The party caught up to [[Tatsu]] near the grassy knoll, where he was looking at a piece of paper identified as a 'useless map'. The map had a drawing of a coastline and some instructions. The party decided to put the map on the backburner as they escorted [[Tatsu]] back to camp. [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja]] arrived shortly after.

The party, with the NPCs in tow, traveled to their forward most camp. [[Jib]] departed [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan's]] shoulders and laid claim to his hammock as the NPCs split from the group at this campsite. The party continued further down the trail, with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] finding a suitable campsite in a small grove just short of a 'T' intersection. During [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] watch, she spotted a pair of yellow eyes watching from the treeline and alerted [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]]. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] watched the eyes vanish. With [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] waking the rest of the party, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] investigated where she saw the eyes to see several feline paw prints in the spot, however none leading to nor from. Eventually satisfied that the creature had left, the party decided to double up on the fourth watch, pairing [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] with [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]].

The following morning, the party set off along the trail, adopting a slower, more cautious pace than they had previously. Taking a left at the 'T' the party eventually came upon a narrow gorge with a vine snare through the middle of it. The snare activated when [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] approached; however, she managed to evade the trap. The entire group heard rustling atop a nearby cliff, eventually spotting and chasing a strange man.

Through teamwork and a charm spell by [[Eden Lockton|Eden]], the party managed to subdue the figure, who later identified himself as [[Trarcud]]. Trarcud revealed that he was stationed at the gorge by [[Rubrack the Red]] to get food for mother. The party convinced him to point out several points of interest on their map, including where Trarcud lives, the spooky tree, the holy hut, the mountaintop - where they pay tribute to the cat, the weird stones, and the pearl bed. When asked about the [[Captain Oakley|captain]] and [[Irena]], he complained that Rubrack had let them into their camp - not as food - and how strange that was.

The party led [[Trarcud]] back to camp with the other NPCs. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] convinced [[Jib]] not to 'spill cannibal blood'. Then they brought the full group with them, up to their most recent campsite.