A little over a year has passed since [[The Maelstrom|The Maelstrom's]] closing, and some of the Jibblets have gone their separate ways. Initially it seemed that [[Veriduna]] would seek vengeance over the death of a member of their royal family; however, they quickly got distracted by an independence movement in the [[Principality of Auravell]], perhaps inspired by [[Veriduna|Veriduna's]] recent embarrassment at the hands of some pirates. With [[The Maelstrom]] gone, southerly sea lanes open, causing more trade and colonial spirit to flow down the coastline. The former is a boon for the prosperity of the Free Isles. Despite the natural defense provided by [[The Maelstrom]] now being absent, no other empires have overtly increased pressure on the free isles, likely wary of sharing the fate of [[Veriduna|Veriduna's]] prior attempt.

With [[The Maelstrom|The Maelstrom's]] passing, the climate has also shifted. The outskirts of the nearby [[Zelvahar|Zelvaharan]] rainforest are already starting to recede into a savannah. Its rivers are losing volume, and its floodplains are stabilizing - granting potential for new farming opportunities. Species that evolved to require the near-permanent rainfall provided by [[The Maelstrom]] (ferns, mangroves, etc.) have been rapidly dying throughout the region. Larger settlements have been encouraged by the floodplain farming.

The shifts to the jet stream and ocean currents caused by [[The Maelstrom|The Maelstrom's]] sudden disappearance have caused sporadic flood and drought events across much of the known world. Some deserts have seen heavy rainfall for the first time in centuries. Strange weather is reported most everywhere.

Each of the Jibblets got a cryptic message from [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] directly into their heads regarding a reunion aboard [[The Howling Jib]]. The Jibblets would chat in hammocks masterfully crafted by [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]].

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] showed up with his new fiancée, [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Sephy]], who he had finally worked up the courage to ask out after publishing a book about [[Zirnitra]] and all of his findings. He also went on a book tour and hired his aunt [[Jaq Harlowe|Jaq's]] old crew, now led by [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Sephy]], as his chauffeurs. He also expressed interest in politics. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] returned to [[Sotiría]] with the trident, and took on more responsibility at home. She's also working with [[Mivalis]] to repair coastal ecosystems. [[Mayak]] had been operating [[The Howling Jib]] as [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] flagship and had taken [[Jib]] under his wing, training him as a champion. He expressed a desire to retire as a merchant and shared some designs for runes that he intends to craft. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] both gave him substantial startup sums. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] had hung around the [[Pirate Confederacy]] working for [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] until now and intends to strike out in search of a new druid circle to integrate with. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] has been running the [[Pirate Confederacy]] as Pirate King and has used the absence left by [[The Maelstrom]] to steer more towards legitimate trade.

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] then went on to be a respected member of [[Illurum|Illurum's]] high council and attempted to start an international forum for improved communication with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] as a shadow partner.