[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] find a great campsite to spend the night, and Ylla spends some time foraging. [[Mayak]] kept a lookout for more of the pteranodon creatures. The group had a getting to know each other session where they discussed why they were there. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] shared that he wasn't always a shark man and wants to revert to a boring human; Stori shared that she was on the Evangeline looking for information; [[Mayak]] shared that he was part of a crew in the past; and Ylla shared that he wanted to find the person who made his sword — the party and the other castaways said that they didn't recognize the design.

Keeping the first watch, Stori clocked some bioluminescent algae, giving off a greenish glow in the nearby sea. However, there were a few points where the glow moved against the current, which piqued her curiosity. Upon waking Mayak, who had second watch, the pair decided to descend to the shore to investigate — waking [[Luca Romano|Luca]] to keep watch while they were gone. 

At the shore, Stori managed to spot another strange pattern of the algae's motion and stuck her head below water for a better look. She spotted a faint ethereal figure - a mix of moonlight and shadow traveling under the sea. She tied one end of a rope around her ankle to swim after the creature for a better look and managed to identify it as a ghost. Upon her return to shore, she shared this information with Mayak and, eventually, the rest of the castaways save Leaklan.

Come morning, Leaklan led the party through the jungle towards the driftwood structure that Ylla had spotted the previous day. After a few hours of travel, the party came across a river with a thicket of thorny vines and menacing needles on the other side. The party elected to cross the river upstream to avoid the thicket. 

After a few more hours of travel, the party came across a former, semi-established campsite. There were rusted sabers and daggers strewn about the area, along with some old bloodstains in the dirt. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] managed to identify the blood as belonging to humanoids. Exploring the site further, Ylla found a dagger with a scorpion insignia on its hilt, which Stori identified as the logo of the [[Crimson Scorpions]] — a mercenary company. The party also noted a game trail leading out of the north side of the camp.

The party elected to stay the night in the area, not the camp itself, for fear of whatever befell its previous inhabitants, and Stori found a second excellent campsite, while Ylla scavenged, Leaklan zhuzhed up their campsite with burlap sack pillows and palm frond sheets, and Mayak kept watch, spotting another shipwreck in the distance.

The following morning, the party set out to return to their previous campsite, taking a detour to the shipwreck that Mayak had spotted. Most of the shipwreck's cargo had been taken or rotted, but a quintet of vipers set upon the party at the shipwreck of the Riptide and were dispatched quickly. Eden removed their venom glands to make poisons at a later time.

The party returned to their original campsite under the cover of night to find [[Tatsu]] keeping watch. [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja]] had been mildly injured the day previous, and Mayak healed her injuries. Luca would later reveal that she had suffered those injuries because she thought hunting meant trying to capture a pet. After some deliberation, the party decided to unlock Siaku's manacles, which Eden did, revealing the key ring that she'd found in the Evangeline's captain's quarters.

Upon hearing that Leaklan intended to sleep in the sea that evening, the party informed him of the ghost that was spotted previously.
