The party decided to take their entire band of castaways with them to approach [[Camp Cannibal]]. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] intimidated [[Trarcud]] into revealing the locations of the [[Snare Trap|snare traps]]. She and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] found a good campsite in a cave near a river at the end of their first day of travel. Overnight, [[Mayak]] spotted a giant crab scuttling up the river. He woke [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]], who was confused as to why he was woken for this, and went back to sleep.

The following day, the party finished traveling to [[Camp Cannibal]] with their fellow castaways in tow. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] scouted out the camp, noticing a large lizard in front of the camp, a watch tower overlooking the wooden palisade that surrounded the camp, several wooden huts with palm frond roofs, and a building of stone construction, clearly not built by the cannibals. This stone building had a lighthouse.

The duo returned to camp and shared what they had learned the following morning. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] once again intimidated [[Trarcud]] into divulging information, this time about the camp's guard lizard, as well as intimidating him to remain silent when they approached the camp. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] approached the camp with [[Trarcud]] in tow. They asked about [[Captain Oakley]] and got good information from the conversation. They were told that the captain had been deposited in the caves below the camp by his partner and that they couldn't verify his current status. Once it was clear that a peaceful resolution was off the table, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] signaled to the party to attack.

The party and most of the NPC castaways engaged with the cannibals near the entrance to the camp. Meanwhile, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] got caught up with the guard lizard, while [[Jib]] chased [[Trarcud]] as he fled. During this combat, one of the cannibals retreated to the stone structure and barricaded the door. 

[[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] broke through the door with a wood-cutting axe that he had picked up in the camp. The PCs then stormed the stone building while leaving the NPCs to guard a wooden hatch that leads to caves below the camp. After easily dispatching the lone cannibal still in the entranceway, the PCs advanced further into the building, with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] killing a cannibal attempting to escape out a window via multiple stabbings. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] walked through a room with several bits of paraphernalia, likely sourced from a shipwreck, and opened a door to reveal four more cannibals who quickly overwhelmed him. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] dropped in the ensuing encounter, after which [[Mayak]] shouted out for [[Siaku Dolrino|Siaku]] to help with healing. In response, [[Siaku Dolrino|Siaku]] and [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja]] rushed to join in. 

As the final cannibal fell, [[Jib]] returned, sword bathed in cannibal blood.