[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] engaged with [[Drusilla Kasa]] and her bodyguard in the captain's quarters. His allies quickly streamed through the hole he'd blown in the ceiling to help him. Meanwhile, the officers on the deck were dispatched, with the last failing to guard the door to the cabin from [[Mayak]]. There were a series of thrusts and cuts in the confined space of the cabin, throughout which [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] unrelentingly harried [[Drusilla Kasa|Drusilla]]. The latter was eventually slain after a hard-fought battle shortly after fleeing her cabin.

[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] recovered her people's trident that [[Drusilla Kasa|Druscilla]] had been wielding, while [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] laid down to recover from his series of puncture wounds, and the remaining Jibblets searched [[Drusilla Kasa|Drusilla's]] cabin for valuables. In the rubble of her desk, which had a ceiling explode upon it, they found a journal that seemed to indicate that this endeavor had been carried by her own ambition once she came into possession of the [[Tide Caller's Trident]]. She did not seem to have official backing of the [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] government. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] ripped out the pages of the journal that referenced the trident.

The Jibblets returned to their fleet, which had already lashed ships together into a small floating city for celebratory purposes. During the celebration, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] stayed behind on [[The Howling Jib]] to ponder a carved bird that he'd recovered from the admiral, which had been carved in a style similar to that of his people. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] stayed behind as well to practice using the recovered trident, after she borrowed [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] Sending wand to update her father. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] left to investigate his aunt [[Jaq Harlowe|Jaq's]] ship after hearing some crackling and banging noises emanating from it. He heard [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Joseph]], his friend and Jaq's son, chastising Jaq for using firecrackers indoors. Without thinking, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] called out to Jaq once she emerged on deck, which drew the attention of [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow]]. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] and [[Joseph (Sephy) Harlow|Sephy]] chatted well into the night about all that had happened to and around [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] since the two last met.

Meanwhile, [[Mayak]] and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] went looking for [[Thea Varko|Thea]], whom they learned had wandered off. The duo encountered [[Sonja Krieg|Sonja]], [[Siaku Dolrino|Siaku]], and [[The Admiral]] before [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] showed herself. She threw down the [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] admiral's banner, grabbed the attention of those assembled, and gave a speech where she condemned [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash Thrask]] for his complacency and cowardliness while celebrating the Jibblets for uniting them and warding off the [[Veriduna|Veridunans]]. She voiced a lack of confidence in Vorgash's rule and called for his swift removal and the elevation of the Jibblets, or some subset, to replace him. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] tried to contain her excitement, and [[Mayak]] asked for time to consider. The duo then returned to [[The Howling Jib]] to discuss next steps with the remaining Jibblets.