The Jibblets won a hard-fought battle against the [[Crimson Scorpions|Crimson Scorpion]] leadership, then returned to the lounge to lick their wounds before covering the rest of the complex. They first checked some private chambers, finding a lone journal on a dark wooden desk in an immaculate room. The journal, written in red ink, correlated jobs based on location or other relevant detail to a number. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] found a listing that seemed familiar to him. In the same room, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] unlocked a cabinet, revealing a pair of Kalis swords of fine construction, a rolled-up scroll, and a pendant. 

After leaving the private chamber, the Jibblets descended a flight of stairs blocked midway by a door with several old blood smears coating it. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] deduced that the door was accessed by a blood key, so [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] retrieved the arm of the woman who seemed to run the operation, noting a myriad of old cuts on it. The door activated and opened once he pressed the disembodied limb to it. 

The Jibblets, except for [[Mayak]], who stood guard above, stepped down the remainder of the stairs into a small room with a wall containing many precisely carved alcoves, each containing a scroll. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] pulled one out first, finding a contract that was effectively a 'hit' between [[Kardathos|Kardathian]] nobles. Noting that the scroll had a number in red ink on it, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] traced down the number he had noted from the journal previously and unfurled it. It was regarding his druid circle, it was paid for in infernal bonds, included a writ to ignore any 'incidental bloodshed' in [[Veriduna]], and was signed by [[Drusilla Kasa]].

[[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] shared what he knew of [[Drusilla Kasa]], namely that she was the queen's cousin, that she's an admiral in the [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] navy, that she has a reputation for being ambitious, and that she's credited with the destruction of two slave liberation networks. Upon sharing the last bit, [[Mayak]] came down the stairs asking for specifics, which [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] was unable to provide. While in a state of shock, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] recalled his circle often helped travelers cross [[The Windswept Plains]], and that most of those travelers were going one direction. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] managed to snap [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] out of his stupor, and the Jibblets continued on.

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] scared off the front guards and the armory guard using her intestines after [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] warned her off of activating a spinning blade trap. In the armory, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] spotted a fireball rune set to detonate if it detected a living thing; she used her arcane expertise to guide the more dexterous [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] through disarming the rune. The Jibblets then carried out everything in the display case. They also had a brief run-in with a cook whom they considered hiring themselves until they noticed that his chicken was dry.

The Jibblets then returned to [[The Howling Jib]] to debate their next move. Including going to [[Illurum]], attempting to sabotage the [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] navy at sea or port, and sending missives to their various allies and acquaintances and meeting with [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] to repel the invasion.