The Jibblets pulled [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] back into his chamber as soon as [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] returned through the open window and removed the rod that had been barring the door from the inside. Meanwhile, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] returned to the roof to verify that the ship at port hadn't raised an alarm. Once finished there, he quickly gleaned the contents of the various notebooks in [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane's]] chamber, finding nothing incriminating. 

The Jibblets then poked their heads into a chapel where they saw a woman in elegant black robes seemingly preaching. The chapel was adorned with tapestries relating to Asmodeus, as well as [[House Kasa]] of [[Veriduna]]. They then returned to a storehouse off of the courtyard to investigate. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] picked the lock. Inside they were ambushed by a devil made of bone and leathery wings. Once they defeated the creature, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] picked a second lock into what looked like a treasury. She and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] looted the coinage from it while the other Jibblets saw to their wounds. They then decided to stop pressing their luck and left to return to their ship, [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] in tow, the way they came.

The Jibblets positioned [[The Howling Jib]] in a position to watch the [[Emberwake]] docked at the fortress during the night. Around daybreak, it emerged and began approaching [[The Howling Jib]] with other ships in tow. The Jibblets fled, managing to break line of sight, and didn't see the vessels again. They undertook a turbulent voyage as [[Jib]] piloted them to [[Stormhaven]] as they slept.

[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] wanted to return [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane's]] head to her people as proof. While she and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] were disposing of the body, they found a suspicious bulge in his sleeve; upon investigating, they found a magical, spacious pouch. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] dumped its contents, and the duo, with [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], looked over the documents. They found several missives sent to [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] by his handler in [[Veriduna]], as well as a timetable for an invasion plan on the isles set to launch soon. Seemingly with the intent of sailing through [[The Maelstrom]]. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] sent a message to [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea Varko]] with the information via the wooden sparrow that they were given. He mentioned that they would be out of town for a few weeks.

While in [[Stormhaven]], [[Mayak]] gathered supplies for their coming journey, and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] sent a message to [[Mivalis]] saying that she was bringing trusted people and that they would arrive there within the next couple of weeks. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] also purchased some books on devils.