The Jibblets return to ground, with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] carrying the corpse of [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]]. They bring [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] inside and spread the news of his death to the other castaways. Attempting to cheer up [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] introduces him to a rat she found.

Soon after, an arrow thunked into the door of the lighthouse. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] went to investigate, and [[Luca Romano|Luca]] informed her that there was a plant moving. Eventually, [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] gathered the rest of the Jibblets to look at the strange plant.

The plant approached the lighthouse camp on legs and introduced herself as Floogyoobalie. She conveyed that she washed up on shore during the weird water yesterday and decided to stay on the island to look for a treasure. [[Tatsu]] with his map was summoned, and the Jibblets set out to look for the treasure with [[Tatsu]] and Floogyoobalie in tow.

After a day of travel, the castaways set up at one of their former campsites near the treasure. On [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] watch, he was startled by the sudden appearance of a mangled monkey in the charred remnants of the group's campfire. He woke the group to the mangled monkey. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] found feline paw prints both near the fire and about 40 feet from the camp. She set out some fish a good distance from camp to see if the 'spider-cat' would take it. Meanwhile, Floogyoobalie sung a song about how the monkey on the fire was dire, which annoyed several party members, especially [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]]. The following morning the fish was missing.

The party found the spot indicated on the treasure map and dug down, eventually coming upon a wooden cover. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] pried some boards free, and the group saw some movement down below. The Jibblets elected to lower Floogyoobalie down on a rope to investigate. Floogyoobalie was ambushed by a trio of ghouls upon hitting the water, at which point [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] pulled the rope up a bit. The ghouls climbed the rope, still assailing Floogyoobalie. [[Tatsu]] tried to climb down to assist but slipped and fell. [[Mayak]] dove in to help but not before Floogy and [[Tatsu]] fell unconscious. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] took pot shots at the ghouls while [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] hoisted the ghoul holding the rope up only to drop him. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] then jumped down to finish off the remaining ghoul.

After the encounter had ended, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] slid down [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] intestines to perform first aid on the fallen [[Tatsu]] and Floogyoobalie. The Jibblets found a chest, which [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] carried out of the pit.

The Jibblets found several items in the chest, including an instrument that Floogyoobalie was looking for and a spell scroll penned on black vellum, which [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] identified as a scroll of Raise Dead. She set about casting the spell on [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla's]] corpse, which [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] had carried with him.

[[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] awoke in a tranquil forest at the base of a grand tree to find an elderly woman nearby, who had deeply sunbaked skin and was adorned with a robe made of vines. She shareed some nebulous elderly wisdom before [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] awoke again, this time on a grassy knoll with his friends.

The Jibblets return to the camp that they had used the night before, where Floogyoobalie departed with her new instrument.
