[[Mayak]] cleared the remainder of the lighthouse, finding remnants of meals taken from [[The Evangeline]] in one of the side rooms, along with notes on some ritual involving large stones. He also found a footlocker with coins in the largest bed chamber. While he cleared the building, the rest of the party tended to their wounds.  [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] identified several curios dating back to [[House Kasa|House Kasa's]] rule over [[Veriduna]], which [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] tried to package to give to a museum.

The party decided to descend into the caves below the camp in search of their captain, with [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] taking the lead. She found the captain, who was dead, leaning against a wall. She identified his cause of death as ghoul fever. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] spotted a note written on the wall in blood, which basically said that he had been enthralled by [[Irena]] and that she had interest in the mountain. As well as a request to end them both. Following the request, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] stabbed the captain through his heart.

[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] pushed deeper into the cave, finding a lone ghoul gnawing on a bone. The duo attempted to sneak past but alerted the ghoul in the process. They attacked it while the ghoul projectile vomited at [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and ran past them deeper into the cave and started making ***sounds***. Evidently some form of communication.

[[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] retreated from the cave with their party ahead of several ghouls pursuing them.

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] placed some heavy rocks on the hatch leading into the ghoul caves, both as a grave marker and to keep the ghouls in. [[Mayak]] repaired furniture, namely the door that [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] had axed through previously and his arch-nemesis the table. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] cleared the dead bodies from the camp and fed the lizard chained up outside. The party also found the cannibal's food stores, containing both regular food and human jerky, the latter of which [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] took. Prior to knowing that it was human, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] ate some of the jerky, then tried to throw it up after the revelation.

Sitting down for their meal, the castaways explained what had brought them to the island. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]], electing to trust the group, shared that her people had been betrayed by [[Elias Voss]], one whom they had considered an ally. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklan]] recognized the name as a notable historic figure from [[Illurum]] who had started getting outsized influence near 30 years ago. [[Elias Voss]] had good fortune on the seas; more conspicuously, his rivals always had bad fortunes on the seas. After a few years of growing influence, [[Elias Voss]] vanished. The conspiracy that went around was that his disenfranchised rivals, political and mercantile, had been behind his disappearance. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] also shared that she was the daughter of diplomats, who lead her community, Sotiría.

[[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] bonded over a similar upbringing over how his people were also isolationists and gifted [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] a carved wooden bird. [[Leaklen Plateau]] told the tale of how he and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] met, with [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] saving his life after the incident that turned him into a sharkman. [[Mayak]] shared about his time on The Crimson Key, a ship whose goal was to stop slave ships, eventually getting to its troublesome fate. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] shared that she hails from a city and that most people there couldn't pull their guts out; she also noted that her parents would be disappointed if they were here to see her pull her guts out.

The castaways heard a loud boom like thunder as the ground began to shake. [[Luca Romano|Luca]], who was in the watch tower near the gate, noticed the ocean receding from the island and alerted [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]], who, after deciding that it wasn't a tsunami, alerted [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]], who viewed the phenomenon from the top of the lighthouse. She saw as another thunderous boom sounded, accompanied by more shaking, that the sea around the island started to be unnaturally pulled in, reverting to the island's normal violent tides.

The party discussed what to do next, with [[Mayak]] advocating to check out the mountain. On first watch that night, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] spotted a returning cannibal hunting party.