Once in [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane's]] cabin, with him and another woman, [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] led the conversation, inquiring after the location of [[Elias Voss]]. She presented the Jibblets as debt collectors and offered a portion of the debt to [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] as payment for information to [[Elias Voss|Voss's]] whereabouts. [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]], though originally dodgy, acquiesced once the bribe was made, stating that [[Elias Voss|Voss]] had something he wanted, so he took it and keelhauled [[Elias Voss|Voss]] until the rope snapped. When pressed about what he had wanted [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] glanced toward the woman in the room, then advised against asking such dangerous questions. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]], in a bit of insight, determined that [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane]] wasn't in control here. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] identified the woman as being ethnically [[Veriduna|Veridunan]].

The Jibblets departed [[Captain Barthas Redmane|Redmane's]] ship, the [[Emberwake]], and made their way to [[Stormhaven]] to resupply and discharge their temporary hires. While there, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] sought out his brother, whom the Jibblets had inquired about on the way. [[World Building/Countries/Pirate Confederacy (Avarian Archipelago)/NPCs/The Windrider]], Sylro, stated that he had business to attend to, evading the request to aid against the [[Crimson Scorpions]].

Later, a messenger, a put-together half-elf in nondescript clothing, delivered an invitation for the Jibblets to join his lady for dinner. [[Mayak]] took and read a letter from the man, and the Jibblets decided to attend, though the Jibblets bought several scrolls of cleanse cuisine on the way there. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] recalled the name of their host, [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea Varko]], as a name that his aunt had mentioned as an 'up-and-comer' during her own pirate days. He also knew that she was one of the most popular figures among the pirate isles and that there were whispers that she was likely to be the next pirate king.

They arrived at a townhome with a view overlooking the harbor. A retainer led them to the dining room as the table was being set. There were flaky biscuits, grilled oysters, decarapiced crab with a butter sauce, a roast pheasant stuffed with dates, flan with a caramel drizzle, and chocolate-dipped figs served. 

Once she arrived, [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea Varko]] briefly discussed the current political circumstances of the islands, commenting that the pirate king's grasp isn't nearly as strong as many think. When [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] mentioned the rumors that she was likely to take the crown, she waved it off, stating she had no desire for the role. The conversation shifted towards [[Veriduna|Veriduna's]] designs for the isles and rumors that she'd recently heard of an invasion. She requested that the Jibblets investigate some leads that she managed to dig up and return with proof of their designs so that she can spur the other captains to united action. She had originally proposed a working relationship with the Jibblets, though [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] negotiated upfront payment and a later favor, indicating that he'd want help against the [[Crimson Scorpions]]. She had a retainer bring a chest with 300gp to [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] and shared *two* leads: one, an encoded missive taken from a corpse, and the other, a rumor monger at the carver's guild. 

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] managed to decipher the code, which was written in diabolic as well as encoded. It was a missive to deliver poison to a ship named the Devil's Due. The following morning, the Jibblets decided to pursue the other lead and headed to the carvers guild. After identifying their contact, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] sprayed him with rousing water, and the Jibblets confused him by mixing up their leads. He eventually told them that he knows of a smuggler who doesn't smuggle anything on his trips and gave them directions to his cabin in exchange for the Jibblets never talking to him again. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] then tipped him a gold piece. 

Finding a small one-room cabin and knocking loudly to no response, [[Mayak]] pried the door open with his crowbar, then repaired the door.  Once inside, the Jibblets were faced with a noxious odor and the sight of a dwarven man who'd been shot twice in the back. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and [[Mayak]] decided to return to a magic shop that they had previously patronized to look for a magic scroll to allow her to speak to corpses. The shopkeep led them to a curtained-off backroom where they were presented with a 'Talking Corpse' spell, which [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] ferret familiar ate. 

The duo returned to the other Jibblets at the cabin, and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] cast the new spell. The corpse rose with several bits of flesh sloughing off.