During her downtime at [[Stormhaven]], [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] sought out someone who could send a message to [[Mavalis]]. She conveyed that her quest was taking longer than expected. She also did some shopping. 

In [[Illurum]], [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] brought the Jibblets to his favorite 'hole-in-the-wall,' "Amelia's," where they had [[Illurum]]-style pizza, onion rings, and other foods. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] had the bill placed on his dad's tab. Once the Jibblets left, they went to the museum that [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] dad curates. [[Louis Plateau|Louis Plateau]] was invested in an ancient [[Kardathos|Kardathian]] relic that had been recently recovered. He was a bit startled by [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] sudden appearance. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] recapped his adventures thus far and handed the [[Zirnitra|Zirnitran]] book that he had recovered over to his father for study for the time being. Louis said that he would contact a consultant about [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] condition. He also gave [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] some information on [[Elias Voss]] when asked and identified [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla's]] sword as a signature weapon of the [[Crimson Scorpions]], a mercenary band. At this point the Jibblets started to discuss raiding the Obsidian Vault, a bank the [[Elias Voss]] likely had accounts with.

The Jibblets did some research at a library, which uncovered cursory information about [[Elias Voss]] and his dealings. They also learned of a couple of his rivals, including one, Eliezer, who maintains a wood curing business. The Jibblets tried to track Eliezer down to limited success, then headed to the Obsidian Vault, where they asked for information on Elias but were denied. 

They returned to [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] house for dinner, and [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] left to retrieve his father, whom he found studying the book.

The following morning, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] went to the library to research the [[Crimson Scorpions]] to little success, while the Jibblets followed up with [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] mother for information about Eliezer's whereabouts, which they had asked her about the night prior. They regrouped with [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] and found Eliezer's residence based on the information given by [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen's]] mother.