While still in [[Brightwater]], [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] spotted [[Mayak]] and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] some coin to get their weapons upgraded. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] also picked up the carving she had commissioned of her familiar. [[Siaku Dolrino|Siaku]] decided to leave the group, not liking the idea of life as a pirate; he told the Jibblets to reach out if they needed anything. [[Tatsu]] decided to tag along with [[Siaku Dolrino|Siaku]], stating that he didn't like water. [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] had a discussion with [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]] where he said that he wouldn't participate in attacks against innocents who didn't want to fight; his objections were acknowledged, and the captain said that she didn't expect that scenario to come up.

Once [[The Crooked Crow]] had completed repairs, the Jibblets and crew set out on the first leg of their journey. While traveling, they heard a haunting song coming from across the water atop a rock spire. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]], along with the crew members above deck, were compelled to approach the source of the song, a harpy. [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] and the other crewmembers attempted to release rowboats, but [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] managed to hold the ropes that had moored [[Eden Lockton|Eden's]] rowboat to the ship. 

The rest of the Jibblets attacked the harpy, which retreated to its nest atop a rock spire, after bonking [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] on the nose with a flung stick. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] hoisted [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] out of the rowboat by her scruff and then dove into the water, following [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] towards the harpy nest. Around this time the crew and [[Eden Lockton|Eden]] began breaking free of the harpy's song, so she returned to the rowboat with [[Mayak]], who rowed to the harpy's spire. 

[[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] and [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] took shots at the harpy from the ship and the water, respectively, while [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] darted after the harpy at high speed, crossing the sea and climbing her spire in a matter of seconds. Once atop the spire, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] managed to pin the harpy down and cover her mouth, freeing the remaining crew members influenced by her song. 

[[Eden Lockton|Eden]] summoned a skull to help [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] combat the harpy, and [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] landed the killing blow with an arrow. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] recovered various shiny treasures and a wand from the harpy's nest, and the Jibblets returned to the ship without seeing any crew members injured.

[[Captain Vanessa Lycander|The captain]] arrived from below decks, saying that she had hunkered down with the rest of the crew upon hearing the song start. [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] shared that he had found treasure, and [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]] requested that they share only a single piece as they had dispatched the harpy. Afterwards, [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] handed the items out to the other Jibblets.

The following day [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]] briefed the Jibblets on the first piece of the key, kept in the prosthetic leg of a man recently hung by a militant sect of Besmara worshippers for executing several priests. Upon arrival, the Jibblets spotted the man hung over water above a steep cliff. So they hatched a plan. The Jibblets gave [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] all of their everlights to create a distraction, while [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] would surf on a summoned hippogriff to snatch the leg without being seen. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] waited in the water below to help with recovery if anything went wrong.

Upon seeing [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]], one of the guards called out that there was a 'glamshark', which attracted the whole of the nearby watch; during this distraction, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] snatched the leg without being noticed. Upon returning to the ship, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] handed the prosthetic leg over to [[Captain Vanessa Lycander|Captain Lycander]], who opened it, retrieved a piece of a tablet, and allowed the Jibblets to keep the rest of the leg's contents. 