The battle with the Jibblets' would-be assassins resumed. The Jibblets managed to bring down two of them, but the third managed to flee from [[The Howling Jib]]. The Jibblets did not give pursuit as they were still dealing with an antagonistic [[Mayak]]. [[Mayak|Mayak's]] ire soon wore off, though the Jibblets were a bit worse for wear for it. The Jibblets decided to sleep away from the docks for fear of future attacks, and the following morning, [[Yllavyre Enallyna|Ylla]] decided to put his revenge on hold until they were better prepared. 

The Jibblets returned to [[Stormhaven]] to await the council meeting. The day of, they made their way to the keep; one of the exterior guards asked if they were there for the buffet and seemed surprised that they weren't, though [[Leaklen Plateau|Leaklen]] did get excited at the prospect.

There were a couple of proposals that were immaterial to the Jibblets, such as a standardized code of conduct, which passed, and a proposal to use the [[Balaika|Balaikan]] tithe for public works, namely putting a gilded statue of [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] in every major port, in a fountain, full of rum that comes out of his mouth. [[Astoria Grimaldi|Stori]] took offense at the latter and contended heavily against it, seeming to draw some ire. Though she did manage to sink the proposal retroactively. 

[[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea Varko]] also put in a surprise proposal to secure the Jibblets a full share of said tithe, which she managed to pass. The proposal to put a bounty on the head of [[Kaelen Duskmere]] failed narrowly, as did [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea's]] proposal for funding to combat [[Veriduna|Veridunan]] agents. The latter had the opening argument effectively stolen by [['Admiral' Nylora Monteiro]], which sparked chatter from around the room, including comments like 'she seems a bit overeager to speak up' and 'didn't she wear their colors once?'.

At the conclusion of the proposal, [[Pirate King - Vorgash Thrask|Vorgash]] called an end to the proceedings and departed the chamber. [[Theodora 'Thea' Varko|Thea]] seemed a bit crestfallen by the defeat. After a few minutes, a lean half-orc came out with a chest of gold, which he dropped at the Jibblets' feet and then spat on. 