Ima Ental was born in a small village of catfolk near an oasis, which made this village a common resting point for travelers. Ima's father and elder brother were the town's craftsmen, constantly repairing houses and tools, as well as creating useful items to sell. Ima's mother was the one to market her husband's and son's goods and services to locals and travelers alike. Ima believes knowledge is power, and was sure to learn everything she could from her family. In addition, she would horde any and all books she could get her hands on. Her studies made her quite knowledgeable in Arcana, as well as medicine, and religion. However, she developed a particular interest in Occult magic and began to study it rigorously.

When Ima was about 30 years old, her parents had saved enough money to retire working, and move to a city in a more hospitable climate. They did so, as the family business had several other employees by now, under the supervision of Ima's brother. Ima's brother was content to live the same life as his parents. This was not the case for Ima. She knew it was only a matter of time before she must leave her home town and seek knowledge beyond that which travelers would bring through town.

At age 35, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity happened. Multiple highly prestigious and powerful magic-users stayed in Ima's desert village for one evening. Ima would do anything to gain knowledge from them. So she pleaded with her brother to give her a large loan of gold pieces to buy some knowledge from the traveling mages. Ima swallowed her fear and approached them. Her enthusiasm for learning perhaps reminded the mages of their youth, and they could tell that she was dedicated to her work as well as a good-natured individual. They accepted Ima's gold, and then from thin air, summoned a book for Ima to keep. She thanked them profusely, and then left so as not to take more of their valuable time.

Over the course of a few months, Ima had learned how to open her mind to allow magic to flow through freely. She learned spell after spell. She would have learned faster, but she was spending a great deal of time at her brother's workshop, repairing tools to pay off the loan.

Four years went by, the debt to her brother was paid, and she had learned quite a few powerful spells. Yet she was not sure when, where, or how to go about exploring the world. So she set up her own small tent in the town marketplace where she would offer occult aid to anyone in need. For the most part, she was only pretending to use magic here, and instead using deception and performance learned from her mother to give Ima's customers a placebo effect. Ima didn't view this as a scam, because she was using the Detect Magic cantrip to make sure people were not truly cursed. And the placebo effect can be very helpful for most people.

After about 1 year of running her shop, an unusual character entered in and sat down. His name was [[Leaklen Plateau]]. [[Leaklen Plateau]] said that he has been cursed and has been traveling the world to find a way to lift the curse. This gave Ima an idea. She then demonstrated her ability to cast "Magic Weapon" on [[Leaklen Plateau]]'s weapon, making it much stronger for a short time. Ima said she has long been interested in traveling the world to learn more about occult magic, but felt it would be too dangerous. Therefore, [[Leaklen Plateau]] would become Ima's bodyguard while she traveled with him to help rid him of this curse.

[https://pathbuilder2e.com/launch.html?build=461722](https://pathbuilder2e.com/launch.html?build=461722 "https://pathbuilder2e.com/launch.html?build=461722")
